Preface
=======

This is a personal blog for my exploration and notes on statistics and
data science study.

The site is created with github and the repository is forked from my
dear teacher Zhichao Luo <http://rokia.org/>.  
Hearful thanks to him who introduced to me the immense possibilities in
computational statistics and offer me generous help along this trip.

When I chose statistics as my minor in university, I regarded it as
merely a more promising - by "promising" I mostly mean financially -
profession than my major in Enlish.  
Well, I still think so. While I gradually came to appreciate Statistics
as a subject that is rigorous and creative at the same time, and find it
an incredibly elegant as well as pragmatic means of problem solving.

Even before I realize, my utilitarian decision became a serious choice
for my profession and future career. It's hard to mention certain
significant tuning point, and I won't say it's a completely
inspirational story. However, I enjoy it most of the time, and I am
really glad I did push myself a bit to achieve what I am now.

It's my third week in LA. It's an amazing city, and I found studying at
UCLA a terrific decision especially after I met my peers who are
so outstanding, determined and interesting. I feel exciting and proud to
be a part of this community, and also pressured.

I am determined to get on with the journey, and I set up this blog to
record my gains, to motivate further and countinuous effort, and to
communicate with other learners.

Jiayu Wu Sep.26, 2017 Los Angeles
